[Music]
hey uh I'm looking for an investor
center tell you one invest no investors
Center I'm looking for invest to Center
yeah that's a no this is it is it oh I'm
Duane you're doing yeah hi doing we
spoke on the phone I'm Debbie orden
Belfort well I'm the broker from
Rothschild New York yes yeah have a seat
how are you well we on the phone right
we quote Ron's protons yeah computers no
no we don't even need computers here we
just trade right up to Pink Sheets here
and yet
yeah the penny stocks you know companies
that can't get listed on NASDAQ they
don't have enough capital their shares
trade here penny stocks yeah this one
Aerodyne is a really interesting or
aerotyne arrow Tanya erode aerotyne
Everton yeah very hot stock right now
yeah they're just a couple of brothers
that are making radar detectors out of
their garage they're out in Dubuque
maybe it's microwaves I'm not sure but
you call the company the main line their
mom Dorothy answers and she is so super
company I actually don't know what else
to do I don't know anything else about
them other than that six cents a share
this crap well I mean honestly mostly
Schmucks at postmen there's always
postman plumbers they see our ads in the
back of hustler and Popular Mechanics
and our ads actually say they can get
rich quick hustler yeah you know the
girlie magazine
yeah nudie mag a lot yeah we're helping
them finance houses we're helping them
buy their wife and diamond ring and boat
maybe this is this stuff regulated or
you guys what are you doing here sort of
Jesus Christ a spread on these is huge
yeah and that's the point that's what's
your name again my ordinary chip stop
I make 1% I did make 1% Pink Sheets it's
50 it's 50% 50% Commission for what it's
our markup for our services so if I if I
if I sell a stock at $10,000 my
commission is 5000 bucks if you sell
$10,000 worth of this stock I will
personally give you a [ __ ] for free
and I hope it happens hello John how you
doing today
you mailed in my company a postcard a
few weeks back requesting information on
penny stocks that had huge upside
potential with very little downside
risks is that ring a bell okay great
well reason for the call today John is
something just came across my desk John
it is perhaps the best thing I've seen
in the last six months if you have 60
seconds I'd like to share the idea with
you you got a minute
name of the company aerotyne
international it is a cutting-edge
high-tech firm out of the Midwest
awaiting imminent patent approval on a
next generation of radar detectors that
have both huge military and civilian
applications now right now John the
stock trades over the counter ten cents
a share and by the way John our analyst
indicator could go a heck of a lot
higher than that your profit on a me a
six thousand dollar investment would be
upwards of $60,000 exactly you could pay
off your mortgage John one thing I can
promise you even in this market is that
I never ask my clients to judge me on my
witness I asked them to judge me on my
losses because I have so few and in the
case of aerotyne based on every
technical factor out there John we are
looking at a grand slam home run 4,000
that'd be 40,000 shares John let me lock
in that trade right now and get back to
you with my secretary with an exact
confirmation sound good John
great hey John thank you for your vote
of confidence and welcome to the
investors Center
how'd you [ __ ] do that just like that
I made two grand the other guys looked
at me like I just discovered fire I was
selling garbage to garbage men and
making cash hand over fist only problem
you're gonna have is that you didn't
find more oh so I was selling them [ __ ]
the way I looked at it every money was
better off in my pocket I knew how to
spend it better
[Music]